What have I done so far:  
1. Installed play  
2. > activator new  
3. Install Docker toolbox from (https://www.docker.com/products/docker-toolbox)  
4. Update environment - Docker does not do it automatically.  
   4.1. https://github.com/docker/kitematic/issues/1010  
   4.2. eval "$(docker-machine env default)"  
   4.3. The above line specifies env value DOCKER_HOST to an IP.  
   4.4. Use this IP on your browser to view your application as opposed to localhost.  
5. Followed instructions to build the docker image (http://blog.jaceklaskowski.pl/2015/07/24/docker-your-scala-web-application-play-framework.html)  
6. If play sbt starts failing on you just append "-Dsbt.parser.simple=true" to your sbt command lines  

TODO: (Next Steps)
1. Find where the docker image is  


# The following lines are from README generated by play framework.
This is your new Play application
=================================

This file will be packaged with your application when using `activator dist`.

There are several demonstration files available in this template.

Controllers
===========

- HomeController.scala:

  Shows how to handle simple HTTP requests.

- AsyncController.scala:

  Shows how to do asynchronous programming when handling a request.

- CountController.scala:

  Shows how to inject a component into a controller and use the component when
  handling requests.

Components
==========

- Module.scala:

  Shows how to use Guice to bind all the components needed by your application.

- Counter.scala:

  An example of a component that contains state, in this case a simple counter.

- ApplicationTimer.scala:

  An example of a component that starts when the application starts and stops
  when the application stops.

Filters
=======

- Filters.scala:

  Creates the list of HTTP filters used by your application.

- ExampleFilter.scala

  A simple filter that adds a header to every response.
